# postcards-from-my-jungle
I generated my fictional beast images using a diffusion model from the provided notebook. I made adjustments to ensure the code ran smoothly on my machine while optimizing for image quality. I changed the batch size to 8 but increased the number of epochs to 80 to improve the results. In order to generate 50 images without crashing the code, I used batch processing within the generate_images_batched function to generate images in small batches and then move them off the GPU when done. To keep the GPU’s memory usage manageable even when generating many images 
For the sounds, I adapted the provided notebook and used prompts like “Elephant noises mix with wildlife noise”, and "A howling wolf blended with the buzzing of bees and the rustling of leaves”. I instructed the model to avoid mechanical, artificial, synthetic, human voice, music, rhythm or Low-quality sounds. To ensure each of the four sounds was distinct, I removed recurring outputs like bird chirps, which were too common in the initial results. This helped create a more diverse and unique set of animal sounds. As for language, I used DeepSeek to generate the 16 animal languages and asked it to make it sound like jungle animal noises but foreign twist. The quality of the images and sounds could be improved in several ways. With more data, the model can generate more realistic and varied outputs. Making the image size larger, a higher batch size and more training epochs will all improve the quality of the generated images and sounds. But to implement this, we would need a larger and more powerful GPU which I do not have because I'm using a free account on Collab that easily runs out of GPU time.
